the most powerful content creation
strategy you're not using in 1996 Bill
Gate wrote an essay called content is
King and he said content is where I
expect much of the real money will be
made on the internet
nearly three decades later and he could
not have been more spot on according to
HubSpot 40 of marketers say content
marketing is a central part of their
marketing strategy 81 percent say their
company views content as a business
strategy simply put if you're not
writing posting promoting or sharing
valuable content you're actively putting
your business at a disadvantage compared
to your competition
but here's the thing while businesses
and a ton of businesses acknowledge that
content creation is important it is also
one of the areas they struggle with the
most a mass of 45 of marketing
professionals say that they struggle to
create content that actually resonates
With Their audience what should you do
to take your content at Next Level and
resonate with your audience what you
need to do is you need to embrace the
Hedgehog let me explain the Hedgehog
Marketing Concept is based on Old
parable about a hedgehog and a box the
fox knows a ton and is always trying to
find new ways to help with the Hedgehog
but the Hedgehog stays focused on one
thing putting it in marketing terms
focus on what you know does your website
get a million visitors every month
probably not so don't focus on trying to
make that happen you are much better off
focusing on trying to meaninglessly
reach 100 people then you are trying to
barely get through to a thousand so what
does this look like here's how you can
implant the Hedgehog strategy step one
create a detailed buyer persona you're
probably wondering why well using
marketing personas makes websites two to
five times more effective and easier to
Target the right users that they're
looking for
and when you think about marketing
personas if you just Google marketing
personas templates you'll find a lot of
templates out there that you can use to
just create this and they're free and
you'll see them all within Google Images
step two segment your audience a survey
for Milton found that segmented
campaigns had open rates 14 higher than
non-segmented ones so for example
I send out different emails to people
who are already buyers if someone
purchased from you once there's a good
chance you can get them as a repeat
customer so the emails you would send to
them are different than the people that
come to your website the first time opt
into the email list have never heard
from you before and have never bought
anything
the same goes with people who have
partly completed their checkout but they
haven't fully completed it you would
actually send them different email
campaigns than people who have completed
a checkout or not even started for
example if someone partly completed a
checkout I may send them coupon codes or
testimonials or thought leaderships or
even case studies on how people using
that product or service has really
helped them in their life
step three focus on becoming a thought
leader when done correctly thought
leadership is a powerful tool in Your
Arsenal according to a LinkedIn study 71
of professionals say that less than half
of thought leadership content provided
valuable insights 65 of respondents said
that a piece of thought leadership
content changed their perception of a
company for the better while 64 percent
said that they thought that thought
leadership is more of a trustworthy
Source than marketing materials focus on
what you know and make it great in
essence follow e Google talks about e it
stands for expertise Authority and Trust
they want to rank websites higher that
are from people who are authorities
within that subject they don't want you
to create a website that discusses all
of everything kind of like Wikipedia or
New York Times because they already have
enough websites like that
step four make your content more
valuable and shareable delivering
exceptional content to Hungry honestly
helps them with their needs encourages
them to share it with others
95.9 of bloggers promote their blogs on
social and 69 of bloggers say that they
use social share buttons I use social
share buttons promote my blog post on
social media literally majority of the
channels and I send out email boss every
time I do a blog post and push
notifications
step five find your engine
what part of your product offering is
most attractive to your audience stop
focusing on supplementary products this
doesn't mean to put all your eggs in one
basket but it does mean that you need to
pay more attention to what's actually
driving the revenue for your brand
otherwise known as your Revenue engine
look you can sort of be okay at a lot of
things or you can put your energy into
one thing that truly makes a difference
find your most profitable well-developed
and research product or service or idea
and build on that sure you can have
upsells and downses with other products
in service that are anselor but you need
to focus on what you're the best at
that's how you stand out there's already
too many people out there that are me
too and do everything now if you need
help with your marketing check out my Ad
Agency NP digital if you have questions
leave a comment below I'm here to help
if you enjoyed this video subscribe like
it share it tell people about it thank
you for your time